Q: What is Saylor University? | A: Saylor University is a nonprofit initiative working since 2008 to offer free and open online courses to all who want to learn. We offer over 100 full-length courses at the college and professional levels. So far, our small team has served over two million students in most nations of the world. Learn more: https://www.saylor.org/about
Q: How do I contact Saylor University support? | A: From this help center, use the "Submit a request" link at the top of any page to send us a message. You can also email us directly at contact@saylor.org. We have a contact form linked in the footer of our learning site, too. We strive to respond to all messages within 24 hours or sooner.
Q: How much does Saylor University cost? | A: We do not charge tuition or fees. Taking a course and earning a course completion certificate is completely free. Students using the Saylor Direct Credit program should see our program pages for more details.
Q: What courses do you offer? | A: We have over 100 courses across many topics in our catalog. Some of our most popular course topics are ESL (English as a Second Language), Bitcoin, Business Administration, and Computer Science. Explore our full course catalog: https://learn.saylor.org/course/index.php
Q: How do I get started? | A: After exploring our course catalog, you can create a free account and enroll yourself in one or more courses.
Q: When does my course begin? | A: Our courses are self-paced, so you can begin anytime and learn according to your own schedule. All the learning materials you will need are linked in the course itself.
Q: How long is my course? | A: Our courses have no fixed end-date. Each course has an estimate (in hours) of how long it might take a student to work through the course from beginning to end. This is just an estimate – many students will take more or less time to complete their courses.
Q: How do I contact my instructor? | A: Saylor University course do not have live instructors or TAs. Our professors and subject matter experts have created courses for you to use at your own pace.
Q: Where are the lecture videos? | A: Some of our courses have a lot of video learning content, while others have more text. Often, the video lectures our courses use are embedded throughout the course, so if you don't see any videos right away, explore the course in detail to find out what learning materials it uses.
Q: How do I turn in my assignments for grade or feedback? | A: Most assignments you encounter in our courses are ungraded, or will be automatically graded. You do not need to turn in any assignments as you work through your course.
Q: When can I take my exam? | A: You can take your exam anytime you are ready. The Certificate Final Exam can be found at the end of each course, after the final unit.
Q: Are your certificates free? | A: Yes, our course completion certificates are free of cost.
Q: How do I earn my course completion certificate? | A: You earn your course certificate by passing the course's Certificate Final Exam, usually with a score of 70% or higher.
Q: Are your certificates recognized? | A: Our certificates don't carry any specific endorsement, but work well as part of your resume, c.v., or LinkedIn profile. Students in nearly every country have earned Saylor University certificates. Learn more about our certificates at https://www.saylor.org/certificates
Q: How do I verify my enrollment? | A: Because we are not an accredited school and do not offer part-time or full-time student enrollment, we are usually not able to provide enrollment verification.
Q: How do I take a course for college credit? | A: Some of our courses are recommended for credit by the American Council on Education (ACE). If your college or university accepts ACE recommendations, you might be able to transfer a Saylor University course to your degree program. By passing the proctored Saylor Direct Credit Final Exam for an eligible course, you would earn the credit recommendation for that course. Please see our Saylor Direct Credit information pages at https://www.saylor.org/credit for details.
Q: I have a question that wasn't answered here. | A: If searching this help center doesn't turn up what you need, please get in touch! Use the "Submit a request" link at the top of the page to send us a message. https://support.saylor.org/hc/en-us/requests/new 